# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?

console.rb

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?

def save()

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?

Property.delete_all()
property1.save()
property2.save()
property3.save()
property1.delete()


Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

we don't need to set our own id, database will do it for us.


Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?

id SERIAL4 PRIMARY KEY


Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?

to make sure the entry goes to the database with an id.


Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?

Because some methods we want to reuse on instance property, so we put them in the class methods

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?

an array

get the first value in the array which should be the id


Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

for security reasons, against SQL injection attacks. By using the label to match the sql and values together, then execute. we indicates the number of values we want to insert in the SQL. we don't pass values directly in the sql statement, because we need to check the data entry before we pass it to the database.


## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

id , address

Q11. What are their return values?

they return the property hash
